---
layout: post
# title: germany
---

# May 18 2022: Freiburg, Hinterzarten, Heidelburg
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

After another smooth hostel stay, I caught the train to Hinterzarten for a hike
in the Ravennaschlucht (Ravenna Gorge). This was a beautiful trail that ran
along a creek most of the way. Along the way, there were old water mills used
to power saws for logging. The mills were still completely intact, so it was
really interesting to see how the water was redirected and how the water wheel
could power a saw. 

About a third of the way through, the trail opened up onto a small town that
used to host a glass workshop that is now inhabited by modern glassblowers.

I then passed under an enormous bridge that I had ridden over on my train ride
in, and entered back into the canyon where there were foot bridges for river
crossings and catwalks built into the rock faces where there wasn't space for 
a trail next to the water.

The last stretch of the hike went though open plains with yellow wildflowers 
and a fence sock collection.

I made my way to Heidelberg in the evening and tried schnitzel for the first
time! Though I wasn't sure I would like it from the pictures I'd seen, it was
actually delicious :)

# May 19 2022: Heidelberg --> KÃ¶ln
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

I started my morning with a capuccino and a new-to-me pastry called a nus kipferl,
which seemed like a cross between a croissant and a donut.

![image]()

I then hiked my way up to philosophenweg (Philosopher's Way), a path that
philosphers from the university apparently used to take walks along through 
vineyards on the slopes overlooking the Rhine, and that is now a nicely paved
walking path through gardens that have replaced the vineyards. There was an
amazing view of the city and the castle across the valley from the path, and it
was a nice quiet spot to start the day.

![image]()

After discovering that I could rent the electric scooters around town, I 
scooted my way to the university's botanical gardens. I was blown away by the
number of plants they had growing in the green houses there. I was super 
excited to walk through the desert section and to see so many of the plants
that grow around Pasadena. 

![image]()



